# decor-urge
this is my final ftr project
As people have had to spend a lot more time at home since the start of the pandemic, there has been a huge increase in home improvements. Everyone wants an 'Instaworthy' home with a high-end finish.
A web app that helps people order custom picture frames and get personalized recommendations on interior design based on their house. This website is made for a hypothetical company that focuses on home interior design. I wanted to create a website to showcase a fictional, luxury, interior design company.
The website features an initial landing page, and Three additional pages of content with various different additional elements to create a website that feels real.Showcasing your Home Page to your potential or regular clients in style is essential. This Home page starts with a light header that has a custom logo, a pre-installed bootstrap menu, a search form, and a dark mode switch. A beautifully crafted Hero Header with the content and curved image. As you scroll down the page, content with call-to-action buttons, portfolio gallery to showcase your interior projects or furniture, newsletter subscribe form and a light footer with necessary links and contact info along with the copyright and social media icons. The home page gives you opportunities to make the most out of it. This website will look perfect on all devices and screen sizes. I.e., Phones, tablets, laptop, desktop and comes fully prepared for high-density retina displays. It is fully responsive, retina-ready, and easy to customize. 
# azure- link
https://nice-sea-06270ea10.1.azurestaticapps.net
